---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about/
---

<img src="/resources/joanna.jpg" style="float:right;width:150px">

My name is Joanna Rutkowska (pronounced: _root-kov-ska_). I've been
contributing to several fields of computer security engineering over the past
10+ years. Chances are quite high you might have come across some of my
[projects or work](/papers/). These include: my work on desktop systems
security, especially the work on [Qubes OS](https://qubes-os.org/), my work on
virtualization (in)security, and other hardware-enforced security mechanisms,
such as Intel vPro technologies, their vulnerabilities, as well as how they
could be used to build more secure systems. Before that, my primary focus was
on kernel-mode rootkits and stealth malware (e.g. Blue Pill), including both
offensive as well as defensive research.

On a more personal note:

I strongly believe that freedom of individuals is the most important value.
This implies e.g. ability for individuals to make choices as to whom they want
to entrust with various aspects of their lives.

I'm a human, although I can greatly separate emotions from work. This means I
can appreciate ideas and work of people who I might otherwise despise as human
beings. Ideas, science and technology have no morals. It's annoying that so
many people don't seem to understand that.

I'm comfortable and happy being a woman, although I do realize the absurdity
of the rigid classification of human beings into two simple subsets: males and
females, and I am always surprised how deeply this influences people.

I'm also a feminist. I wish there were more women in science and technology. I
also wish more women had more self confidence. At the same time [I'm
concerned](https://twitter.com/rootkovska/status/530109601254223872) about
superficial promotion of females just because they are females...

I've been lucky to be born and to live in a civilized part of the world, in a
big capital city in Europe: [Warsaw](https://vimeo.com/86112812). 
