---
layout: post
title: Solution?
author: mfp19
---

It looks like someone DID IT! They solved the [integrity issue](http://mfp19.github.io/2015/08/24/Integrity.html)
and much more.

While I was yelling at the moon, some little nasty creatures 
in their secret basement were saving the world (again).
Those are the tools that made me jump on my seat: 

* [IPFS](https://ipfs.io/) ([source](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs))
* [Ethereum](https://www.ethereum.org/) ([source](https://github.com/ethereum/))

The first one, IPFS, solves(?) my childhood idea of The Internet (contents):
a permanent, robust, cheap, library, for every one. I know, I know ... it's not MY idea.
And we heard that statement many times before (example: [RFC3271](http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3271.txt) ).
But I was one of those dreamers.

The second one, Ethereum, is "how the Internet was supposed to work": 
contracts, procedures, accounting, currency. Granular.
A kind of 'fluid legal and financial overlay'.

Come on lazy cheap charlie bastards, jump on:
* spend your 100 coins to buy a 4Tb disk, 
* spend your 100 coins for an RPi, ODROID, whatever ... 
* spend your 100 coins for a box, 
* spend your 100 coins per year to pay for its electricity.
* partition that disk in 2 parts: private, public.
* map the public partition to an IPFS pool.

Et Voila': you just became a funding honorary member of the first Distributed World Library.
Projects like The Internet Archive could serve, togheter with other universities and
public funded projects, as an overall business continuity facility.

[Aaron Swartz](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Swartz) is smiling.

If you are a compulsive downloader, or a photographer, or a video editor,
an architect or an hardcore video gamer, you might need from 'more' to 'much more' 
than a 2TB private storage; so your disk box
might be more expensive than that, and less transportable than that.
It may take a few years for you to save such little amount of money but ... still:
minimum effort for a huge result. You can start with very little effort 
even if you are a nomad (ie: live on rent and alike) because 
it is easy to move that box around when you relocate yourself.
I don't see any better way to make the world store and move efficiently
whatever we digitally do.
I didn't have chance to test it, to figure out what to use as underlying
filesystem (if any), its performances, and so on. 
But the demo they show looks awesome. Promising.

Now consider that IPFS is a complicate IT thing "upon which one can build [...] blockchains"; 
and Ethereum is ... guess what? A blockchain. This means that whether you are a 
public administration seeking for a cheap&reliable IT solution, or a private business
seeking for a cheap&reliable IT solution, and you have already given yourself an IPFS box,
by adding Ethereum you can make your own private custom application, on top of a public
distributed filesystem, on top of your private digital locker.
By encrypting your own private data and backing up to an IPFS pool made of your friends, 
or an Ethereum project accounted on the purpose to make fair shares of the disks/network costs, 
you might loose your box in an earthquake and still not loosing your data.
And so on.

Et Voila': the full mankind's imagination stack could be something like ZFS+TCP/IP+Tor+IPFS+ETHEREUM+You. 
And all of it a pretty predictable energy function to plan and schedule fair societies.

There's a lot to testing to do here. Both are built on top of a distributed model, 
and Ethereum claims to be "without any possibility of downtime, censorship, 
fraud or third party interference".
Mixing multiple layered/nested encryptions allows to share a private Ethereum 
project on a public huge filesystem. But it doesn't necessarily lead to a safer
system; it could be all the way the opposite.
And there are many other words rumbling in my poor brain at the moment (ex: plausible deniability).
But we (me, you, anybody) don't need (almost) any fucking cloud service. Any more.

"Governments of the Industrial World, you weary giants of flesh and steel, I come from Cyberspace, 
the new home of Mind. On behalf of the future, I ask you of the past to leave us alone. 
You are not welcome among us. You have no sovereignty where we gather."

["A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace](https://projects.eff.org/~barlow/Declaration-Final.html), [John Perry Barlow](https://homes.eff.org/~barlow/)

