---
layout: post
title: Intel x86 considered harmful (new paper)
author: Joanna Rutkowska
---

Back in summer I have read a new [book](http://www.apress.com/9781430265719)
published by one of the core Intel architects about the Management Engine (ME).
I didn't quite like what I read there. In fact I even found this a bit
depressing, even though Intel ME wasn't particular news to me as we, at the ITL,
have already
[studied](http://blog.invisiblethings.org/2009/08/25/vegas-toys-part-i-ring-3-tools.html)
this topic quite in-depth, so to say, back in 2008... But, as you can see in the
linked article, I believed we could use VT-d to protect the host OS from the
potentially malicious ME-based rootkits (which we demonstrated back then).

So, a few weeks after I read that book, I started thinking about how we could
potentially get around this troublesome ME technology. Technology that Intel
decided to serve to us on _every_ new processor. I spoke to a few clever people,
and concluded it's possible to come up with a reasonable solution that would
require only _minor_ hardware modifications. Modifications which could be done
by laptop OEMs, or even by more advanced users.

We decided to write a paper describing this solution, but prior to that I wanted
to write a short paper summarizing all the security (and trustworthiness)
problems we face on x86, covering also other things, such as boot (in)security,
not just the ME. I thought it would take me a week to write such a 5-10 pages
paper...

Turned out it took me a few months (admittedly on and off) and some 50+ pages
(admittedly with a not-so-small font, and with references spanning full 7
pages.). Oh, well.

So, today I'm releasing this first paper, finally. You can get the PDF
[here](/papers/2015/x86_harmful.pdf), and also the EPUB version
[here](/papers/2015/x86_harmful.epub).

As mentioned, the paper is mostly a (hopefully systematic) survey of the various
problems and attacks presented against the x86 platform over the last 10 years.

This means the paper does not present new exploits, although I smuggled there
maybe 2 or 3 new thoughts or ideas, which I believe have not been discussed
publicly before.

The 2nd paper, the one about the practical defense, is coming soon... I will
resist the temptation to say: "in the coming weeks", this time ;)

The sources for the paper (Markdown and Bibtex files) can be found in [this
repo](https://github.com/rootkovska/x86_harmful), if anybody finds it more
appealing to read it in Vim or Emacs.
