---
layout: post
title: Qubes OS 4.0-rc1 has been released!
author: Joanna Rutkowska
---

Finally, after years of work, we're releasing the first release candidate for
Qubes 4.0!

## Next Generation Qubes Core Stack for better integration

No doubt this release marks a major milestone in Qubes OS development. The
single most import undertaking which sets this release apart, is the **complete
rewrite of the Qubes Core Stack**. We have a separate set of posts detailing the
changes (Why/What/How), and the first post is planned to be released in the
coming 2 weeks.

This new Core Stack allows to easily extend the Qubes Architecture in new
directions, allowing us to finally build (in a clean way) lots of things we've
wanted for years, but which would have been too complex to build on the "old"
Qubes infrastructure. The new **Qubes Admin API**, which we introduced in a
[recent post][admin_api_post], is a prime example of one such feature.
(Technically speaking, we've neatly put the Admin API at the heart of the new
Qubes Core Stack so that it really is part of the Core Stack, not merely an
"application" built on top of it.)

There are many more benefits that the new Core Stack brings besides the Admin
API. Just to name a few that might be most visible to the user or admin:

* Simpler to customize and more flexible Disposable VMs,
* More flexible and expressive (qrexec) policy definitions,
* Flexible VM volume manager (easy to keep VMs on external drives, or in
  memory-only),

... and many more! The new Core Stack also brings lots of simplifications for
developers of Qubes-specific apps and services. Again, we plan to publish posts
about all these cool new features in the coming weeks and months.

One last important comment is that all the work we have done in this area has
been Xen-agnostic, aligned with our [long-stated goal][qubes_odyssey] to make
Qubes easily portable between different VMMs (hypervisors) and even non-VM-based
systems, such as container-based ones.

## Fully virtualized VMs for better isolation

Another important change in this release (this time Xen-specific) is that we
have **ditched para-virtualized mode and embraced fully-virtualized mode for
Qubes VMs**. The reason for this move has been entirely security-related, as
explained [here][qsb24] and [here][qubes4_hw_requirements].

Originally, we planned to utilize the PVH mode of virtualization, which combines
the benefits of processor virtualization technologies (VT-x and EPT), allowing
for simpler code in the hypervisor, thus improving security, with
paravirtualized drivers for better performance and improved security due to
simplified interfaces to virtualized devices. Even though we have [long been
using][qubes_windows_support_post] isolated _stub domains_ to keep device I/O
emulators outside of the TCB, these stub domains themselves run in PV mode,
which we are now moving away from.

Sadly, due to the Linux kernel still not fully supporting this PVH mode
(specifically problems with [booting the kernels in this mode][pvh_problems]),
we decided to go with the HVM-based VMs for this rc1 release. We plan to switch
to full PVH either in the later rc-releases, or in 4.1, depending on the
progress of PVH support in the Linux kernel.

Also, as an additional last-minute issue, we discovered that PCI pass-through
does not work that well on some systems when using HVM virtualization. Typically
this affects USB VMs and only on some systems. Nevertheless, as a precaution, in
the default installation we decided to switch the mode of virtualization for
these VMs back to PV mode. (The new Core Stack allows one to do this with the
flip of a ~~switch~~property :). Here our rationale is that it's still much
better to have PV-based isolation for USB VMs rather than not having USB
controllers isolated at all! Again, we anticipate this will be resolved in the
upcoming rc-releases.

## New approach to UX/UI for better integration

In Qubes 4.0 we also [decided][ux_decompose_ticket] to **redesign the User
Experience (UX)** a little bit.  Aligned with our long-term vision to hide as
much of the Qubes internals from the casual user as practically viable, we made
a bold move and... **removed the Qubes Manager altogether!**

Instead, we believe it makes more sense to utilize as much of the infrastructure
already built by professional UX designers as possible. Consequently, most of
the Qubes persistent configuration (creation of new VMs, changing their settings
as well as the global ones) is accessible through the standard application menu
aka "Start Menu". In addition, we wrote two tiny widgets, which should work with
most desktop environments compatible with Qubes (currently this list includes
the default Xfce4, the once-default KDE, the community-maintained i3, and
awesome). These widgets are used to show live info about the _running_ system
state, such as which VMs are currently running, their memory usage, as well as
which devices are available to connect to different VMs (and yes, now it is
possible to connect USB devices using the GUI, a long requested feature by many
of our users).

Advanced Qubes users will surely appreciate, on the other hand, the much more
flexible and powerful `qvm-*` tools, such as the completely rewritten `qvm-ls`
and `qvm-prefs`, to name just two (again, more on them in the upcoming posts).

## Better compatibility and all the rest

Besides the above, there have been lots of other improvements and bug fixes
compared to the 3.2 release. We list most of them in the [release
notes][release_notes].

Perhaps one worth singling out here, in the context of hardware compatibility,
is the upgrade of the default dom0 distribution to Fedora 25. (Before we
decompose dom0 into separate GUI and Admin VMs, which we plan to do in 4.1, the
dom0 distribution determines how well the GPU is supported.)

## Summary

Qubes 4.0 is a significant milestone on our roadmap to implement a reasonably
secure desktop/client OS based on the "Security by Compartmentalization"
principle (using "Explicit Partitioning Model", in contrast to the recently
popular "Sandboxing Model").

This is the first release candidate of a largely rewritten complex system, and
no doubt early adopters will discover some rough edges here and there. Despite
our increasingly sophisticated automatic testing infrastructure, this is simply
unavoidable. Consequently, if you want to use Qubes for production, stick to
Qubes 3.2 [until we release][release_schedule] the stable version of Qubes 4.0.

But if you would like to start learning and experimenting with the advanced new
features that 4.0 brings, such as the Admin API, or would like to help us reach
a stable 4.0 more quickly, or you're just curious, or want to show off to your
friends what a bleeding edge system you have, then please do so and go straight
to the [download page]!

On behalf of the whole [Qubes OS Core Team][team],
joanna.

[admin_api_post]: https://www.qubes-os.org/news/2017/06/27/qubes-admin-api/
[qubes_odyssey]: https://blog.invisiblethings.org/2013/03/21/introducing-qubes-odyssey-framework.html
[qsb24]: https://github.com/QubesOS/qubes-secpack/blob/master/QSBs/qsb-024-2016.txt#L92-L132
[qubes4_hw_requirements]: https://www.qubes-os.org/news/2016/07/21/new-hw-certification-for-q4/
[qubes_windows_support_post]: https://blog.invisiblethings.org/2012/03/03/windows-support-coming-to-qubes.html
[ux_decompose_ticket]: https://github.com/QubesOS/qubes-issues/issues/2132
[pvh_problems]: http://markmail.org/message/ddds3tb4b23gmtgo
[release_notes]: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/releases/4.0/release-notes/
[release_schedule]: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/version-scheme/#release-schedule
[download]: https://www.qubes-os.org/downloads/
[team]: https://www.qubes-os.org/team/
